(Isn't that maybe how love's defined?)
Wow! A gift for you!
(So, isn't that true love defined?)
Nothing happening,
every day feels the same
Over and over, just
waiting for time to pass
When I'm with you,
I can feel
something so special,
and I want to make it real
Look, I'm really grateful every day, but you know
I feel like I'm not doing enough in return
"I was just feeling like it.
No real meaning or reason why."
Stop complaining and just take it already!
(Isn't that maybe how love's defined?)
Yeah, there's no way that's how it goes!
(So, isn't that true love defined?)
Whoa oh oh oh oh
An angel just landed
Right in front of me
With a smile that looked
Like her wings spreading open
Hey, that's against all the rules
You look so happy
Wipe off that look
Before my mind goes blank
If you keep this up,
You're gonna spoil me rotten
Come on, you gotta do something about this
So, let's get started
I want to know
A lot more about
The world you live in
So, let's get started
I want to laugh
A lot more with you
In the world you live in
The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
I want to know more
I want to laugh more
First Shrine Visit (Hatsumode) with the Angel
And now, the temple bell
to ring in the new year.
Huh?
Oh.
I wish you a happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
This feels really weird,
spending New Year's together.
I suppose it does.
I hope we can continue
our relationship this year.
Me too.
I mean, I feel like I'm the one
who should be asking.
I can't argue with that.
I'm going to send a few replies.
I should, too.
Today
Having a cozy New Year's Eve with Shiina-san?
Itsuki, you jerk.
Shove it.
Read
Today
Mom
Happy New Year! Did you have a fun Eve with Mahiru-chan?
Geez. Mom, too?
No comment.
Read
Dad
Happy New Year. I hope this turns out to be another good year for you.
By the way, mind if we visit your place day after tomorrow?
Dad
Read
The day after tomorrow...
Hey. If you fall asleep here,
you might catch a cold again.
Mahiru was busy all day today
making food for the new year.
She said she'd recovered from the cold,
but it looks like she still overdid it.
So I get why. I get it, but...
Mahiru, wake up. Mahiru!
Man, she smells so good!
What should I do?!
The only countermeasures
I can think of are...
Boo!
Wha—?!
Startle her awake.
I don't think she'd take kindly to such a rude
awakening when she's so tired already.
Shiina
Two:
Take Mahiru back home.
I can't fumble through
a girl's clothes for a key
and go into her room without permission!
Not a chance.
Three:
Put her in my bed while I sleep on the couch.
I think that's the best I can do.
A good compromise.
Good night.
She's in for a real shock when she wakes up.
Huh?!
She isn't even up yet!
She shouldn't drop her guard like this.
Sure looks cute when sleeping, though.
Phew.
Huh?
M-Morning.
Um, good... morning!
You fell asleep at my place,
so I let you sleep here.
Nothing happened.
In fact, you should thank me
for doing absolutely nothing.
What is happening here?
Amane-kun, do you really like
touching cheeks?
Huh?
You touched mine on Christmas
and then before I fell asleep last night.
You were awake the whole time?
Huh? N-No, it's just...
I woke up for a second
when you put me in bed.
What else could I do
but pretend to be asleep?
And you didn't stop to think
I might try something?
I didn't think you would, at least...
I might have been pretending
just to make sure you wouldn't.
Well, I guess it's okay if it helps you trust me,
but you can't do that again.
I'm still a guy, you know.
Uh... yes, I know that.
Or did you want me to make a move?
How could you even say that?!
Well, you are in my bed.
It's been half a year, Amane.
Good to see you, Dad.
You weren't that polite to your mom!
Yeah, because you surprised me and barged in.
What's the luggage for?
We brought some things with us.
But first, where's Mahiru-chan?
Inside.
Mahiru-chan, it's been so long!
It's good to see you again.
So long? It hasn't even been a month.
Well, it felt like a long time to me.
Amane-kun's brother... no, father?
Nice to meet you.
I'm Amane's father, Shuto Fujimiya.
Shihoko-san told me
all about you, Shiina-san.
Thank you for looking after my son.
Pleased to meet you. I'm Mahiru Shiina.
Amane-kun has actually
been a great help to me.
Oh, dear. You don't need to be so modest.
We know how much of a slob Amane is.
Yeah, sorry for being a slob.
Come on now, Shihoko-san.
Don't say things like that.
All right.
Amane.
Hmm?
She always takes care of you,
so I hope you show her some appreciation.
Y-Yeah.
Yes, Amane-kun
is surprisingly very considerate.
"Surprisingly"?
What do you mean "surprisingly"?
You know...
I'm glad to see you both get along so well.
Amane, you'd better not cause
too much trouble for Shiina-san, okay?
I know.
And Shiina-san, if Amane ever acts badly,
feel free to give him an earful.
This kid is more cooperative than he looks,
so I'm sure he'd improve any
bad behavior you point out.
Amane-kun is very kind to me.
He doesn't behave badly.
But he might have some flaws...
Like how he's always
so cool without even trying.
Oh.
Heh?
What was that for?
Here you go.
Thank you so much, Mahiru-chan.
You seem like you're used to things here.
Y-Yes, I am.
By the way, Amane.
Hmm?
You started calling
Mahiru-chan by her first name, right?
This is so nice. I'm tickled to see
my son get along with such a pretty girl.
Meanwhile I'm in a cold sweat,
worried you'll slip back into old habits
and start brutally teasing him.
Oh, my. But wouldn't you stop me, Shuto-san?
If you're aware that it's wrong,
you should probably try to fix it.
But I guess that quirk is one
reason I fell for you, Shihoko-san.
What can I say?
Oh, Shuto-san, you!
Your parents get along quite well.
Yeah, they do.
They're always like this at home.
Is that right?
Hey, kids. You haven't gone
on your first shrine visit yet, have you?
No.
I thought so! That's why I brought a kimono!
It's always been my dream to take
my daughter on a shrine visit in a kimono,
and I thought Mahiru-chan
would look just gorgeous.
Well, if Mahiru's okay with it,
why not dress her up and take her?
Oh? And why don't you think you're coming?
Yeah, if the kids at school caught
me out with Mahiru, it'd be a mess.
So just don't get caught.
Well, I guess it isn't awful.
When you get dressed up
without putting up a fuss,
I think you look very handsome, Amane.
That's a little too generous
even for a parent.
Itsuki was saying the same thing, though.
Oh, that Itsuki-kun?
He must be a really good kid
if you vouch for him.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
Probably too good for me.
Are you glad you came here, Amane?
Yeah, I am. It's a lot easier.
Good. I'm glad to hear it.
Thanks for waiting!
Well?
Mahiru-chan is a great model,
so it was a very rewarding process!
Yes, you look very good in it.
Come on, Amane. Tell her what you think.
I th-think it looks good on you.
You're really no good at this, are you?
All right. Shuto-san,
should we get the car ready?
Yeah, let's do that.
Thank you for waiting.
Is something wrong?
I just think it looks good on you.
You really nail the
"pure Japanese beauty" look.
Cute and beautiful at the same time.
Ah, I forgot how much you hate compliments.
Sorry.
N-No, that... isn't it.
Amane-kun, you kind of look...
Kind of look...?
Amane-kun.
Hmm?
Um, I think you look really good, too.
Now that's just unfair.
The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
Happy New Year
Plague Begone
Exit Route
Visit Shrine
Is something the matter?
It's nothing.
Are you sure?
Are you okay?
Yes. It's just the hem.
But it isn't too—
You sure don't look okay.
I'm sorry.
Come on. Give me your hand.
Exit Route
You were praying a long time.
What did you ask for?
Health and safety, I guess.
A super conventional one.
That and...
That and?
To keep on enjoying peaceful days like these.
It sure isn't peaceful with my mom around.
Fortunes
That's fun in its own way, though.
Are you sure about that?
Hey, you two!
Should we get going?
Sure.
Sweet Sake & Red Bean Soup
How's the red bean soup?
It's really good.
Can I have a sip?
Huh?!
I-I guess so...
It's fine if you don't want me to.
It's not that.
It's not that I don't want you to, but...
But?
N-No. It's fine. Here.
And I'll have some sweet sake.
S-Sure.
It's sweet.
What, don't you like the flavor?
It's not that.
Amane-kun, you were so conscious
of this when we ate cake.
So why aren't you now?
S-Sorry! I spaced. You hated it, right?
Sweet Sake & Red Bean Soup
Why do you have to put it that way?
I didn't hate it, but, well...
It was just embarrassing.
I'll be more careful. I'm sorry.
I-I'm really not that worried about it!
I'm still sorry.
I shouldn't act the same way
I do around the other two.
Gimme a sip!
Chitose!
We're friends! It's fine, it's fine!
Do you always do that sort of
thing with Akazawa-san?
Yeah, we're all friends.
In that case...
You and I are close friends,
so I'm okay with it.
O-Okay.
I feel bad. You must be exhausted.
No, I'm fine. I had a good time.
Good.
Also...
Also?
I feel like I got a taste of real happiness.
E-Excuse me?
It's nothing.
This isn't nothing. You'll mess up my hair.
So I can't?
I'm not saying you can't,
but at least warn me first.
I'm touching.
Not after the fact!
Sorry.
Oh, boy. This is all right with me,
but you shouldn't pat most girls
on the head so casually.
Well, I wouldn't do it to anyone else.
Huh? Oh.
What? You wanted me to keep going?
Please stop teasing me!
Maybe I overdid it.
A-Amane-kun.
What is it?
Amane-kun, you dummy!
Who's the real dummy, though?
Are you going back already?
Yes, we don't have a choice.
I would have loved to stay another
day or two, but we have work.
Well, we'll have another chance.
However, I think next time is Amane's turn.
I know, I know. I'll go visit in the summer.
Geez.
They're pressuring me
to bring Mahiru along, too.
As you can see,
our Amane can be a little stubborn,
but if you take a close look,
he's a straightforward and gentle kid.
I'd be thrilled if you'd continue
your friendship with him.
Do you have to say that now?
I'm standing right here.
I'm constantly reminded of what a kind
and sincere person Amane-kun is.
As for staying friends, that's
something I'd even ask for myself.
I'm glad to hear that. How reassuring.
Yes, really! Isn't that nice, Amane?
We'll visit again, okay?
Fujimiya
You don't need to
flatter me in front of them.
Do you think I'd flatter you
with compliments I didn't mean?
N-Not directly to me, but you
might for my parents' sake.
Please listen to me.
I truly think you have a wonderful
personality, Amane-kun.
That's why I trust you enough
to spend time with you like this.
I didn't mean it as mere flattery.
O-Oh.
But it's all right as long as you understand.
So, shall we start getting ready for lunch?
Trust, huh?
I'm so glad I moved here.
Hey, hey, did you hear?
There's a rumor that Shiina-san
in class A has a boyfriend.
I did, I did!
They say she was holding hands
with some boy on a shrine visit.
Shiina-san didn't seem like
she'd give anyone a shot,
but maybe that was because
she had a boyfriend.
They said he looked really cool and
they'd never seen him at school before.
You think he's from another school, then?
Hey, Amane.
Don't care.
I haven't said anything yet.
Not my problem.
Very well, sir.
H-Hey!
You try to hide it but you
do have a nice face.
Coming from you,
it only sounds like you're teasing.
You're always like this, man.
Shut up.
So our Shiina-san finally
has a boyfriend, huh?
They're talking about it all over school.
It's good that nobody realized it was you,
but it's quite a misunderstanding.
It's going to be difficult to clear up.
Is holding hands enough
to make me your boyfriend?
I wouldn't know. For now, I insisted
that it was just an acquaintance.
We just have to wait for the talk to die down.
Yeah, I guess that's all we can do.
Did we really...
Hmm?
look that much like a real couple?
Who knows?
But personally, I could never imagine
a guy like me as your boyfriend.
What do you mean "like you"?!
I know you have a low opinion
of yourself, but that isn't right!
I think you're a really
decent person, Amane-kun.
You're kind, considerate, gentlemanly...
and, um, I think you have a great personality.
When you dress up, you look really good, too.
R-Really?
Um, thank you.
So I mean, um, well...
Don't be so hard on yourself!
O-Okay...
I'm... gonna wash the dishes!
S-Sure!
If you're gonna get that embarrassed,
why say it in the first place?
Next Time